Add figure link to oncoprint by url (#103)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/04.results.md

### Landscape of Genomic Alterations

> The oncoprint will provide a visualization of the genomic alterations found in the analyses implemented throughout the OpenPBTA project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OncoPrint will provide a visualization of the genomic alterations found in the analyses implemented throughout the OpenPBTA project.
```

The genes displayed on the oncoprint have been filtered to include the top mutated genes and to the top genes with recurrent CNVs.

> The samples displayed have been filtered to include independent samples of primary and secondary specimens with whole genome sequencing (WGS) data.

Reviewer: I would move this detail into the figure legend, instead. Some comments on the wording in the suggestion below.

> ![Oncoprint showing the landscape of top mutated and recurrent genetic lesions across the OpenPBTA dataset.
> These genetic lesions include SNVs, CNVs and fusions.](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/raw/master/figures/pngs/fig3-oncoprint-landscape.png){#fig:oncoprint-landscape}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![OncoPrint displaying genes most frequently altered across the OpenPBTA dataset.
Genes include the top 50 most frequently mutated genes and the top 20 genes with copy number alterations.
Samples were filtered to primary samples or, when no primary sample from an individual participant was available, a randomly selected sample with whole genome sequencing (WGS) data.](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/raw/master/figures/pngs/fig3-oncoprint-landscape.png){#fig:oncoprint-landscape}
```

Reviewer: Would also talk about the short histology annotation.
